give python code with streamlit based on a sample file uploaded 
1. to build a dashboard on stock holding and return information 
2. based data from a csv file with fields(Portfolio	,Broker,	Member Code	,ISIN Code	,Stock  Name	,Sector Name	,GICS Code	,Qty	,Value At Cost	,Value At Market Price) 
2A. A josn file member-mapping to have mapping for member code with member name .  This will have option for English and Tamil names . portfolio data file will refer to member code for name in this for english or Tamil
2B. A josn file sector-mapping to have mapping for GICS code with sector name .  This will have option for English and Tamil names . portfolio data file will refer to sector code for name in this for english or Tamil
2C. A josn file stock-mapping to have mapping for stock ISIN code with stock name .  This will have option for English and Tamil names . portfolio data file will refer to ISIN code for name in this for english or Tamil
2D. A josn file titles to have mapping for portfolio names and other title lables in both English and Tamil 
3. to show a portfolio 
3A. total summary (one liner) , 
3B. summary table (aggregation values alone) , 
3C. detail table , 
3D. Visual charts like pie chart 
4. Portfolio total summary line to show the Sum(Value At Cost) as Investment, sum(Value At Market Price) Current Value, Holding period return percentage
5. summary table to show portfolio as header with following fields Member Sum(Value At Cost) as Investment, sum(Value At Market Price) Current Value, HPR(Holding period return percentage) 
6. Give the option to summarise based on member or sector or broker
7. the HPR is a calculated field based on formula of ( ( sum(Value At Market Price) - Sum(Value At Cost) ) / Sum(Value At Cost) * 100 represented as percentage 
8. option for selection filter of family members or broker or sector or stock code 
9. currency formatting to be Indian rupee with right aligned  for Value At Market Price and Value At Cost 
10. HPR % to be 2 decimal precision 
11. add conditional formatting for negative returns % 
12. Sort order for dash board is to show family member wise, sector wise , broker wise, stock code wise . 
13. Initial sort order to be member 
14. To include multi lingual support with English and Tamil based on Json file for titles and table headings and other lables
15. Detail table to contain member name, broker name, sector code, stock code, quantity, invested amount, current value, Holding period, HPR - Holding period return percentage. 
16. Option for selection filter for portfolio , family member , sector , broker
17. Show option to change the input file with upload file option  
18. Input file for portfolio will be have a default name as portfolio_101 in csv format in a default folder data . which can be changed upon upload option 
